# Matplotlib configuration file for Jupyter environment

# Backend
backend: module://matplotlib_inline.backend_inline

# Figure properties
figure.figsize: 8, 6
figure.dpi: 100
figure.facecolor: white
figure.edgecolor: white
figure.autolayout: True

# Font properties
font.size: 10
font.family: sans-serif
font.sans-serif: DejaVu Sans, Liberation Sans, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif

# Axes properties
axes.labelsize: medium
axes.titlesize: large
axes.grid: True
axes.grid.alpha: 0.3
axes.facecolor: white
axes.edgecolor: black
axes.linewidth: 0.8
axes.prop_cycle: cycler('color', ['1f77b4', 'ff7f0e', '2ca02c', 'd62728', '9467bd', '8c564b', 'e377c2', '7f7f7f', 'bcbd22', '17becf'])

# Grid properties
grid.color: gray
grid.linestyle: -
grid.linewidth: 0.5
grid.alpha: 0.3

# Legend properties
legend.fontsize: medium
legend.frameon: True
legend.framealpha: 0.8
legend.fancybox: True

# Figure subplot properties
figure.subplot.left: 0.125
figure.subplot.right: 0.9
figure.subplot.bottom: 0.11
figure.subplot.top: 0.88
figure.subplot.wspace: 0.2
figure.subplot.hspace: 0.2

# Save figure properties
savefig.dpi: 100
savefig.facecolor: white
savefig.edgecolor: white
savefig.format: png
savefig.bbox: tight
savefig.pad_inches: 0.1

# Interactive mode
interactive: True
